Spot-a-bot for Instagram’s Privacy Policy

Spot-a-bot for Instagram (formerly Instagrab) is a web app providing registered users of Instagram to find out if anothe instagram user is a bot.

This Privacy Policy describes how and when Spot-a-bot for Instagram collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. Spot-a-bot for Instagram receives your information through our APIs, applications and from our partners and other third parties. For example, you send us information when you use Grab for Instagram app, or access Instagram from an application such as Spot-a-bot for Instagram Apps for iOS, or Android. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize Grab for Instagram to use your information in Hong Kong and any other country where Grab for Instagram operates.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ayaspan@uchicago.edu.

Information Collection and Use

We collect and use your information below to provide our Services and to measure and improve our Services from time to time.

Share, Re-post & Settings: Our Services are primarily designed to help you understand who of what you are interacting with. 

Links: Spot-a-bot for Instagram may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate statistics such as the frequency of a particular link being clicked on.

Cookies: Like many apps, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional application usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles. Spot-a-bot for Instagram may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most applications automatically accept cookies.

Google Analytics: We will also install Google Analytics in the apps, devices, or mobile apps to collect your behaviors in using our Services. We will also recommend some other services that may be suitable or appeal to you based on our analysis.

Log Data: When you use Spot-a-bot for Instagram, we may receive information ("Log Data") such as your IP address, device information (including device and application IDs) and search terms. Spot-a-bot for Instagram uses Log Data to provide, understand, and improve our Services.

Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited circumstances described here.

Your Consent: We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your Spot-a-bot for Instagram account.

Law and Harm: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Spot-a-bot for Instagram's rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party, including a government, request to disclose your information.

Business Transfers and Affiliates: In the event that Spot-a-bot for Instagram is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services including the delivery of ads.

Non-Private or Non-Personal Information: We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, the people you share your information with, or the number of users who clicked on a particular link (even if only one did), or reports to advertisers about unique users who saw or clicked on their ads after we have removed any private personal information (such as your name or contact information).

Changes to this Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at http://www.grabapp.co/legal/privacypolicy.html. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will update http://www.grabapp.co/legal/privacypolicy.html. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

Effective: 1st January 2017
